Update docs of word-count example for v3 & new folder structure (#423)
bakdata/kpops: docs/docs/user/what-is-kpops.md

# What is KPOps?

> With a couple of easy commands in the shell, and a [`pipeline.yaml`](#example) of under 30 lines, KPOps cannot only [`deploy`](./references/cli-commands.md#kpops-deploy) a Kafka pipeline[^1] to a Kubernetes cluster, but also [`reset`](./references/cli-commands.md#kpops-reset), [`clean`](./references/cli-commands.md#kpops-clean) or [`destroy`](./references/cli-commands.md#kpops-destroy) it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a couple of easy commands in the shell, and a [`pipeline.yaml`](#example) of under 30 lines, KPOps can not only [`deploy`](./references/cli-commands.md#kpops-deploy) a Kafka pipeline[^1] to a Kubernetes cluster, but also [`reset`](./references/cli-commands.md#kpops-reset), [`clean`](./references/cli-commands.md#kpops-clean) or [`destroy`](./references/cli-commands.md#kpops-destroy) it!
```

Here "not" negates "only", hence I believe we should keep "can" and "not" separate.

Author: true
